
meeting = '''
Monday, June 10, 2024

6:30 AM — Jordan (Team Leader): "Good morning, Team Torque Five. Welcome to Day 1 of production. We've put in a lot of prep to get here, so today is about steady hands, strong communication, and keeping each other covered. Let's get into it. Rosa — how's Station 1 looking this morning?"

6:31 AM — Rosa: "Good morning, Jordan. Station 1’s ready. All checklists cleared after the final verification yesterday evening. Torque guns calibrated. I’ll be extra vigilant on wire harness routing — that’s our critical point today."

6:32 AM — Jordan (Team Leader): "Perfect. Appreciate the attention to detail as always. Devon, you good on Station 2?"

6:32 AM — Devon: "Morning, team! Yep, seats are staged, hardware kits double-checked, and I already spot-checked the new seatbelt torque specs we got last week. I’ve got my eye on that one clip that was popping loose during trials. If it acts up, I’ll flag it."

6:33 AM — Jordan (Team Leader): "Excellent. Tasha, how about Station 3? Any issues with the new sequence for the door panel install?"

6:34 AM — Tasha: "Morning. The sequence is fine, but the parts bin for the lower trim clips is awkward to reach. It’s slowing me down by a few seconds each cycle. It’s not a showstopper, but it’s not ideal."

6:35 AM — Jordan (Team Leader): "Okay, good callout. Let’s not accept ‘not ideal’ on Day 1. After the huddle, I’ll grab Carlos from logistics and we’ll find a better spot for that bin. For now, just manage it, but we’ll get it fixed before lunch. Safety first, speed second. Anyone else with Day 1 jitters or observations?"

6:36 AM — Carlos: "Just that the floor is cleaner than I’ve ever seen it. Let’s keep it that way. And a heads-up, the next parts delivery from the warehouse is running about 15 minutes late. Shouldn’t impact us, but wanted to make you aware."

6:37 AM — Jordan (Team Leader): "Thanks for the heads-up, Carlos. Alright, team. Solid start. Communication is open, problems are being flagged. That’s what we need. Let’s have a safe, productive day. Let's get to it."
'''
